docs/pages/models.md, before:

# Included pre-trained detectors

Below is a list of detectors included in Py-Feat and ready to use. The model names are in the titles followed by the reference publications. Bolded models are defaults.

You can specify any of these models for use in the `Detector` class by passing in the name as a string, e.g.

```
from feat import Detector

detector = Detector(emotion_model='svm')
```

```{note}
Models names are case-insensitive: `'resmasknet' == 'ResMaskNet'`
```

##  Face detection
- **`retinaface`: Single-stage dense face localisation** in the wild by ([Deng et al., 2019](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00641v2.pdf))
- `mtcnn`: Multi-task cascaded convolutional networks by ([Zhang et al., 2016](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1604.02878.pdf); [Zhang et al., 2020](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9239720))
- `faceboxes`: A CPU real-time face detector with high accuracy by ([Zhang et al., 2018](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1708.05234v4.pdf))
- `img2pose`: Face Alignment and Detection via 6DoF, Face Pose Estimation ([Albiero et al., 2020](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.07791v2.pdf)). Performs simultaneous (one-shot) face detection and head pose estimation
- `img2pose-c`: A 'constrained' version of the above model, fine-tuned on images of frontal faces with pitch, roll, yaw measures in the range of (-90, 90) degrees. Shows lesser performance on difficult face detection tasks, but state-of-the-art performance on face pose estimation for frontal faces

## Facial landmark detection
- **`mobilefacenet`: Efficient CNNs for accurate real time face verification on mobile devices** ([Chen et al, 2018](https://arxiv.org/ftp/arxiv/papers/1804/1804.07573.pdf))
- `mobilenet`: Efficient convolutional neural networks for mobile vision applications ([Howard et al, 2017](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1704.04861v1.pdf))
- `pfld`: Practical Facial Landmark Detector by ([Guo et al, 2019](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10859.pdf))

## Facial Pose estimation
- **`img2pose`: Face Alignment and Detection via 6DoF, Face Pose Estimation** ([Albiero et al., 2020](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.07791v2.pdf)). Performs simultaneous (one-shot) face detection and head pose estimation
- `img2pose-c`: A 'constrained' version of the above model, fine-tuned on images of frontal faces with pitch, roll, yaw measures in the range of (-90, 90) degrees. Shows lesser performance on hard face detection tasks, but state-of-the-art performance on head pose estimation for frontal faces.

## Action Unit detection
- **`xgb`: XGBoost Classifier model trained on Histogram of Oriented Gradients** extracted from BP4D, DISFA, CK+, UNBC-McMaster shoulder pain, and AFF-Wild2 datasets
- `svm`: SVM model trained on Histogram of Oriented Gradients extracted from BP4D, DISFA, CK+, UNBC-McMaster shoulder pain, and AFF-Wild2 datasets

## Emotion detection
- **`resmasknet`: Facial expression recognition using residual masking network** by ([Pham et al., 2020](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9411919))
- `svm`: SVM model trained on Histogram of Oriented Gradients extracted from ExpW, CK+, and JAFFE datasets

Commit message:

add note about xbg au7 to docs

docs/pages/models.md, after:

# Included pre-trained detectors

Below is a list of detectors included in Py-Feat and ready to use. The model names are in the titles followed by the reference publications. Bolded models are defaults.

You can specify any of these models for use in the `Detector` class by passing in the name as a string, e.g.

```
from feat import Detector

detector = Detector(emotion_model='svm')
```

```{note}
Models names are case-insensitive: `'resmasknet' == 'ResMaskNet'`
```

##  Face detection
- **`retinaface`: Single-stage dense face localisation** in the wild by ([Deng et al., 2019](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1905.00641v2.pdf))
- `mtcnn`: Multi-task cascaded convolutional networks by ([Zhang et al., 2016](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1604.02878.pdf); [Zhang et al., 2020](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9239720))
- `faceboxes`: A CPU real-time face detector with high accuracy by ([Zhang et al., 2018](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1708.05234v4.pdf))
- `img2pose`: Face Alignment and Detection via 6DoF, Face Pose Estimation ([Albiero et al., 2020](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.07791v2.pdf)). Performs simultaneous (one-shot) face detection and head pose estimation
- `img2pose-c`: A 'constrained' version of the above model, fine-tuned on images of frontal faces with pitch, roll, yaw measures in the range of (-90, 90) degrees. Shows lesser performance on difficult face detection tasks, but state-of-the-art performance on face pose estimation for frontal faces

## Facial landmark detection
- **`mobilefacenet`: Efficient CNNs for accurate real time face verification on mobile devices** ([Chen et al, 2018](https://arxiv.org/ftp/arxiv/papers/1804/1804.07573.pdf))
- `mobilenet`: Efficient convolutional neural networks for mobile vision applications ([Howard et al, 2017](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1704.04861v1.pdf))
- `pfld`: Practical Facial Landmark Detector by ([Guo et al, 2019](https://arxiv.org/pdf/1902.10859.pdf))

## Facial Pose estimation
- **`img2pose`: Face Alignment and Detection via 6DoF, Face Pose Estimation** ([Albiero et al., 2020](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2012.07791v2.pdf)). Performs simultaneous (one-shot) face detection and head pose estimation
- `img2pose-c`: A 'constrained' version of the above model, fine-tuned on images of frontal faces with pitch, roll, yaw measures in the range of (-90, 90) degrees. Shows lesser performance on hard face detection tasks, but state-of-the-art performance on head pose estimation for frontal faces.

## Action Unit detection
- **`xgb`: XGBoost Classifier model trained on Histogram of Oriented Gradients\*** extracted from BP4D, DISFA, CK+, UNBC-McMaster shoulder pain, and AFF-Wild2 datasets  
- `svm`: SVM model trained on Histogram of Oriented Gradients extracted from BP4D, DISFA, CK+, UNBC-McMaster shoulder pain, and AFF-Wild2 datasets

```{note}
\*Currently `xbg` returns binary predictions for AU7 but continuous probabilities between 0-1 for all other AUs. This is because our AU7 classifier was trained with hinge-loss rather than cross-entropy loss, as this yielded substantially better detection performance given the labeled data available for this AU.
```

## Emotion detection
- **`resmasknet`: Facial expression recognition using residual masking network** by ([Pham et al., 2020](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9411919))
- `svm`: SVM model trained on Histogram of Oriented Gradients extracted from ExpW, CK+, and JAFFE datasets
