notebooks/content/contribute.md, before:

Contribute
=======================
## General contribution guidelines
1. Fork the repository on [GitHub](https://github.com/cosanlab/feat). 
2. Install Feat on your machine. 
3. Install `pytest` with `pip install pytest` then run the tests in the repository with `pytest` or `pytest/feat/tests/`. Confirm that all tests pass on your system. If some tests fail, try to find out why they are failing. Common issues may be not having downloaded model files or missing dependencies.
4. Create your feature.
5. Add tests to `feat/tests/`.
6. Run the tests again with `pytest tests/` to make sure everything still passes, including your new feature. If you broke something, edit your feature so that it doesn't break existing code. 
7. Create a pull request to the main repository's `master` branch!

## Model contribution guidelines
There are three key steps to adding a model. 
1. Create a folder for the model you are building in the appropriate model type directory. 
If you are contributing an Action Unit detection model and calling it `mynewmodel`, create a folder in `feat/feat/au_detectors/`. If it's an Emotion detection model, add a folder `feat/feat/emo_detectors/`. 
2. Add your model architecture. 
Your model files could contained in a single (e.g. `feat/emo_detectors/ResMaskNet/resmasknet_test.py`) or they could be separated in to a model file (e.g. `/au_detectors/JAANet/JAA_model`) and a test file (e.g. `/au_detectors/JAANet/JAA_test`). 
3. Your model should be a class that has the appropriate method that the `Detector` can call it. 
For example, AU detectors should have the function `mynewmodel.detect_au()` that can be called. 
4. Add model to list of models in the `Detector` class in `feat/detector.py`. 
5. Upload your trained model weights to an accessible locations (e.g. Google Drive). 
6. Add tests to make sure your model is working. 
7. Create a pull request to the main repository's `master` branch!



```python

```

Commit message:

Revamp and reorg docs. Remove plotly html files

notebooks/content/contribute.md, after:

# General contributions guidelines

We always welcome contributions to Py-Feat and recommend you follow these basic steps to do:

1. Fork the repository on [GitHub](https://github.com/cosanlab/feat). 
2. Install Feat on your machine, by `git clone` your fork
3. Install the development dependencies which will *also* install the package dependencies: `pip install -r requirements-dev.txt`
4. Install Py-Feat in development mode so that any changes you make to source files are *automatically* reflected in scripts/notebooks: `pip install -e .`
5. Add you code contributions and/or changes
6. Check or format your code using [black](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)
7. Create or update the appropriate tests in `feat/tests/`.
8. Run a single test to make sure your new functionality works: `pytest -k 'name_of_your_test'`
9. Alternatively (or additionally) run the full Py-Feat test suite: `pytest`
10. When your tests pass create a pull-request against the `master`/`main` branch on github!

## Tutorial contribution guidelines

All Py-Feat tutorial are made using [jupyter book](https://jupyterbook.org/intro.html). To add a new tutorial or page takes just 3 steps:
1. Add a jupyter notebook or markdown file to `notebooks/content/`
2. Add an entry for your file to the table-of-contents in `notebooks/_toc.yml`
3. Run `jupyter-book build notebooks` to render the documentation

You can check the build jupyter book by opening `notebooks/_build/html/index.html` in your browser.

```{note}
Our documentation building pipeline does **not** execute jupyter notebooks. It just renders their input and output as pages. So make sure you locally execute cells that you want output for **before** committing your changes
```

For instructions on how to add new detectors see [here](./modelContribution.md)
